Injured coma
He was rescued by several imperial physicians in the royal mansion
King Qi is King Qi again
How can it be a gift if it is too good?
It's not this scheming thief emperor who is testing me, is it?
King Qi's injury history
It's not clear yet.
The news reached the Empress Dowager in the palace first
The truth is true
The empress in this palace heard that His Royal Highness King Qi gave it to her
Nothing happens.
It can even be called mundane
So Shen Xingyao really has no affair with his king
The reason why I want to serve him like this
That's because the emperor is after all the son of my family
But today he will look at the concerned and anxious eyes when he ran away
It's not like a pro
He has always turned a blind eye to Shen Xingyao's mischief in the palace
I have never seen him indulge anyone like this
The queen mother said
That should be really like it.
You don't have to jump to conclusions.
Like today
One is him
Two is also beating him
Lest he really treat the palace as a trouble
Empress Dowager Wise
I need to find an opportunity to see what this Shen Xingyao is capable of
Can make my prince who never washed his womanhood look so differently
It is better for the Empress Dowager to entertain the King of Qi with the oil head who has been successful in combating the drought
Take the opportunity to find him a marriage
So that he can completely stop thinking